Update README. (#1552)
ShiftLeftSecurity/codepropertygraph: README.md

part of the build process. To build and install into your local Maven
cache, issue the command `sbt clean test publishM2`.

This repo is cross build for Scala 2 / Scala 3. The default version is

> Scala 3 which means all sbt commands will be performed for Scala 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scala 3.x which means all sbt commands will compile using Scala 3.x.
```

If you want to run an sbt command for both versions you need to prefix
it with a "+" like `sbt +test`. If you use an open sbt shell you can

> switch the default language for the time of the shell session with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
switch the default compiler version for the duration of the shell session with `++` e.g., 
```
